This library allows Standard MIDI Files (SMF) to be read from an SD card and played through a MIDI interface. SMF can be opened and processed, with MIDI and SYSEX events passed to the calling program through callback functions. This allows the calling application to manage sending to a MIDI synthesizer through serial interface or other output device, such as a MIDI shield. 
* SMF playing may be controlled through the library using methods to start, pause and restart playback. 
* SMF may be automatically looped to play continuously. 
* Time ticks are normally generated by the library during playback, but this can be taken over by the user program if different time or synchronization with external MIDI clock is required.

Version History:
* v2.01 Bug fix - SdFat changed behaviour, updated track TIME SIGNATURE handling case.
* v2.0 Renamed MD_MIDIFile Library for consistency with other MajicDesigns libraries. Documentation extensively revised and now in Doxygen format. Revised debug output macros, fixed some minor errors in code. Added looping() method. Changed timebase to be 'tick' based & corrected algorithm. Allow user code to control ticks directly for sync with external MIDI clock.
* v1.2 Cleaned up examples and added additional comments. Removed dependency on the MIDI library. This version has no major changes to the core library.
* v1.1 Minor changes and more robust handling of file errors on MIDIFile.load()

External dependencies:
* *SdFat* library found [here](https://github.com/greiman?tab=repositories) used by the library to read SMF from the the SD card.
* *MIDI interface hardware* as described in the library documentation or similar, a USB interface with converter or a MIDI shield.

[Library Documentation](https://majicdesigns.github.io/MD_MIDIFile/)